---
title: 'One-Click Install'
description: 'One-click installation'
tags: ['Open Source']
keywords : ['NocoDB installation', 'NocoDB one click installation', 'NocoDB prerequisites']
---

# One-Click Install

The One-Click install command is the easiest way to get NocoDB up and running. This method is recommended for users who want to quickly deploy NocoDB without any hassle.

It will automatically install NocoDB, PostgreSQL database, Redis, and Minio for file storage and even setup a reverse proxy and ssl certificate for you using traefik.

## Prerequisites
- A Linux-based system (Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS, etc.)

## Installation Steps

1. Run the following command in your terminal:

    ```bash
    bash <(curl -sSL http://install.nocodb.com/noco.sh) <(mktemp)
    ```
   
2. Follow the Installation Prompts
    - Domain Name: Enter the IP address or domain name for your NocoDB instance.
    - SSL Configuration: If you entered a valid domain name, you'll be asked if you want to configure SSL.
    - Advanced Options: You can choose to show advanced options or use default settings.

3. Advanced Options (if chosen):
    - Choose between Community (CE) or Enterprise Edition (EE)
    - Enter license key (for EE)
    - Enable/disable Redis for caching
    - Enable/disable Minio for file storage
    - Configure Minio domain and SSL
    - Enable/disable Watchtower for automatic updates
    - Set the number of NocoDB instances to run

4. Wait for Installation to Complete
    The installation process may take a few minutes to complete. Once done, you'll see a success message with the URL to access your NocoDB instance.

5. Access NocoDB
    Open the URL provided in your browser to access NocoDB.
6. Congratulations! You should now have a working installation of NocoDB. Enjoy using your new no-code database platform!


## Management Menu

After installation, you'll be asked if you want to start the management menu. This menu allows you to:

- Start NocoDB
- Stop NocoDB
- View logs
- Restart NocoDB
- Upgrade NocoDB
- Scale NocoDB (change the number of running instances)
- Monitor NocoDB (view Docker stats)

## Additional Notes

- The script creates an update.sh file in the installation directory. You can use this to update NocoDB in the future.
- If you encounter any issues during installation, check the logs for error messages.