---
title: 'Import CSV'
description: 'Import data from CSV files into NocoDB'
tags: ['Extensions', 'Import', 'CSV', 'Data Import', 'Data']
keywords: ['Import CSV', 'Import data', 'CSV import', 'Data import', 'CSV files']
---

## Overview
The Import CSV Extension in NocoDB allows users to import data from CSV files directly into existing tables. This tool helps in adding new records, updating existing ones, and efficiently mapping CSV columns to NocoDB fields.

## Importing Data
### Mode
The Import CSV Extension supports two modes of data import:
- **Add Records**: This option adds all records from the CSV file as new entries in the table.
- **Merge Records**: This option updates existing records based on a specified field in the CSV file.
  - Create New Records Only: Only adds new records from the CSV. Existing records are not updated.
  - Update Existing Records Only: Only updates records that already exist in the table based on the merge field. New records are not added.
  - Create and Update Records: Adds new records and updates existing ones as needed.

**Merge Field** is field that will be used to match records from the CSV file with existing records in NocoDB for the purpose of updating.

Field Mapping: You can select the fields from the CSV file to import and map them to the corresponding fields in the NocoDB table.

### Steps
To import data from a CSV file into NocoDB, follow these steps:
1. Select the table you wish to import data into.
2. Click on the **Import CSV** button.
3. Choose the CSV file you want to import.
4. Select the mode of import: **Add Records** or **Merge Records**.
5. If you choose **Merge Records**, select the **Merge Field**.
6. Map the CSV columns to the NocoDB fields.
7. Click on the **Import** button to start the import process.

Once you've configured the import settings and mapped your fields, NocoDB will process the CSV file and update the table according to your specified settings. A summary of new, updated, and unchanged records will be displayed at the bottom of the interface.


