---
title: 'Table overview'
description: 'Learn how to create, import, and manage tables in NocoDB.'
tags: ['Tables', 'Overview']
keywords: ['NocoDB table', 'table overview']
---


A base is housed in tables, where data is logically arranged into records and fields. A table in NocoDB serves as a robust center for managing your data effectively. You have the flexibility to create multiple tables, each catering to distinct sets of data. Moreover, you can link tables to one another to establish relationships between them.

Much like traditional spreadsheets, NocoDB tables empower you to carry out tasks such as sorting, filtering, and aggregating your data. What sets NocoDB apart from standard spreadsheets is its ability to present table data in various formats. You can view your data as a conventional grid with records and fields, a gallery of cards, or even as interactive kanban boards, and then make use of a friendly form to input data.

You can start by learning how to [create a new table](/tables/create-table), and if you have existing data in CSV, Excel, or JSON format, you can easily [create a table via import](/tables/create-table-via-import). If you need to add more data to an existing table, we offer a simple way to [import data from CSV or XLSX files](/tables/import-data-into-existing-table). In case you want to make changes, you can [rename a table](/tables/actions-on-table#rename-table), or if you need a copy of it, simply [duplicate the table](/tables/actions-on-table#duplicate-table). And if you ever need to remove a table, we provide a straightforward option to [delete it](/tables/actions-on-table#delete-table). 

As you delve into this section, you'll gain a deeper understanding of how to leverage NocoDB's tables effectively, equipping you to proficiently organize your own dataset.

## Related articles
- [Create a new table](/tables/create-table)
- [Create a table using a CSV, Excel or a JSON](/tables/create-table-via-import)
- [Import data from Csv/Xlsx into existing table](/tables/import-data-into-existing-table)
- [Rename a table](/tables/actions-on-table#rename-table)
- [Duplicate a table](/tables/actions-on-table#duplicate-table)
- [Delete a table](/tables/actions-on-table#delete-table)


