---
title: 'Okta' 
description: 'Learn how to configure Okta as an identity provider for NocoDB.' 
tags: ['SSO', 'Okta', 'OIDC']
keywords: ['SSO', 'Okta', 'OIDC', 'Authentication', 'Identity Provider']
---

This article briefs about the steps to configure Okta as Identity service provider for NocoDB

1. Enable `OIDC SSO` on NocoDB
    - Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication`
    - Activate `OIDC` toggle button
2. Retrieve `Redirect URL` from NocoDB
    - Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication` > `OIDC`
    - Note down `Redirect URL` ; these information will be required to be configured later with the Identity Provider
3. Sign in to your [Okta account](https://www.okta.com/) and navigate to the "Get started with Okta" page.
    - Click on `Add App` for the Single Sign-On option.
    - On the `Browse App Integration Catalog` page, select `Create New App`
4. In the pop-up with title `Create a new app integration` 
    - Choose `OIDC - OpenID Connect` as the Sign-in method
    - Choose `Web Application` as the Application type
5. Go to `General Settings` on the `New Web App Integration` page
    - Provide your application's name.
    - From the Options in the `Grant type allowed` section, select `Authorization Code` and `Refresh Token`
    - Add the `Redirect URL` under `Sign-in redirect URIs`.
    - From the `Assignments section`, select an option from `Controlled access` to set up the desired accessibility configuration for this application.
    - `Save` 
6. On your new application,
    - Go to the `General` tab
    - Copy the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` from the `Client Credentials` section.
7. From `Account` dropdown in navigation bar
    - Copy `Okta Domain`
8. Append "./well-known/openid-configuration" to the `Okta Domain` URL & access it
    - Example: https://dev-123456.okta.com/.well-known/openid-configuration
    - Copy `authorization_endpoint`, `token_endpoint`, `userinfo_endpoint` & `jwks_uri` from the JSON response
9. In NocoDB, open `Account Settings` > `Authentication` > `OIDC`
    - Insert `Client ID` retrieved in step (6) above as `Client ID`
    - Insert `Client Secret` retrieved in step (6) above as `Client Secret`
    - Insert `authorization_endpoint` retrieved in step (8) above as `Authorization URL`
    - Insert `token_endpoint` retrieved in step (8) above as `Token URL`
    - Insert `userinfo_endpoint` retrieved in step (8) above as `Userinfo URL`
    - Insert `jwks_uri` retrieved in step (8) above as `JWK Set URL`
    - Set `Scope` as `openid` `profile` `email` `offline_access`
10. In the Username Attribute field, indicate the name of the claim that represents the user's email. The default value is set to "email."

For Sign-in's, user should be able to now see `Sign in with <SSO>` option.

:::note
Post sign-out, refresh page (for the first time) if you do not see `Sign in with <SSO>` option
:::

For information about Okta API Scopes, refer [here](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/oidc/#scopes)