---
title: 'Ping Identity' 
description: 'Learn how to configure Ping Identity as an identity provider for NocoDB.' 
tags: ['SSO', 'Ping Identity', 'OIDC']
keywords: ['SSO', 'Ping Identity', 'OIDC', 'Authentication', 'Identity Provider']
---

This article briefs about the steps to configure Ping Identity as Identity service provider for NocoDB

1. Enable `OIDC SSO` on NocoDB
    - Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication`
    - Activate `OIDC` toggle button
2. Retrieve `Redirect URL` from NocoDB
    - Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication` > `OIDC`
    - Note down `Redirect URL` ; these information will be required to be configured later with the Identity Provider
3. Access your [PingOne account](https://www.pingidentity.com/en/account/sign-on.html) and navigate to the homepage.
4. Click on `Add Environment` from the top right corner.
5. On the `Create Environment` screen,
    - Opt for `Build your own solution`
    - In the `Select solution(s) for your Environment` section, select `PingOne SSO` from `Cloud Services`
    - Click `Next`
    - Provide a name and description for the environment,
    - Click `Next`
6. Access the newly created environment and go to `Connections` > `Applications` from the sidebar.
7. Within the Applications homepage, initiate the creation of a new application by clicking the "+" icon.
8. On the "Add Application" panel:
    - Input the application name and description.
    - Choose "OIDC Web App" as the Application Type and click "Configure"
9. From your application, 
    - Go to `Configurations` tab
    - Click on `Edit` button
    - Check `Refresh Token` option
    - Copy `Authorization URL`, `Token URL`, `Userinfo URL` & `JWK Set URL` from the `Endpoints` section
    - From `Generals` dropdown, copy `Client ID` & `Client Secret`
    - `Save`
10. From `Resources` tab, 
    - Click `Edit`
    - Select `openid` `profile` `email` from `Scopes`
11. Switch toggle button in the top right corner to `On` to activate the application. 
12. In NocoDB, open `Account Settings` > `Authentication` > `OIDC`
    - Insert `Client ID` retrieved in step (9) above as `Client ID`
    - Insert `Client Secret` retrieved in step (9) above as `Client Secret`
    - Insert `Authorization URL` retrieved in step (9) above as `Authorization URL`
    - Insert `Token URL` retrieved in step (9) above as `Token URL`
    - Insert `Userinfo URL` retrieved in step (9) above as `Userinfo URL`
    - Insert `JWK Set URL` retrieved in step (9) above as `JWK Set URL`
    - Set `Scope` as `openid` `profile` `email` `offline_access`
13. In the Username Attribute field, indicate the name of the claim that represents the user's email. The default value is set to "email."

For Sign-in's, user should be able to now see `Sign in with <SSO>` option.

:::note
Post sign-out, refresh page (for the first time) if you do not see `Sign in with <SSO>` option
:::

For information about Ping Identity API Scopes, refer [here](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingone/pingone_t_edit_scopes_for_an_application)