---
title: 'Ping Identity' 
description: 'Learn how to configure Ping Identity as an identity provider for NocoDB.' 
tags: ['SSO', 'Ping Identity', 'SAML']
keywords: ['SSO', 'Ping Identity', 'SAML', 'Authentication', 'Identity Provider']
---

This article briefs about the steps to configure Auth0 as Identity service provider for NocoDB

1. Enable `SAML SSO` on NocoDB
    - Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication`
    - Activate `SAML` toggle button
2. Retrieve `Redirect URI` & `Audience URI` from NocoDB
    - Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication` > `SAML`
    - Note down `Redirect URI` & `Audience URI`; these information will be required to be configured later with the Identity Provider
3. Access your [PingOne account](https://www.pingidentity.com/en/account/sign-on.html) and navigate to the homepage.
4. Click on `Add Environment` from the top right corner.
5. On the `Create Environment` screen, 
   - Opt for `Build your own solution`
   - In the `Select solution(s) for your Environment` section, select `PingOne SSO` from `Cloud Services` 
   - Click `Next`
   - Provide a name and description for the environment, 
   - Click `Next`
6. Access the newly created environment and go to `Connections` > `Applications` from the sidebar.
7. Within the Applications homepage, initiate the creation of a new application by clicking the "+" icon.
8. On the "Add Application" panel:
   - Input the application name and description.
   - Choose "SAML Application" as the Application Type and click "Configure."
   - Within the SAML Configuration panel, opt for "Manually Enter."
   - Populate the `ACS URLs` field with the `Redirect URL` retrieved from step (2) above
   - Insert the `Audience URI` retrieved above in step (2) in the `Entity ID` field
   - `Save`
9. In your application, 
   - Navigate to the `Configurations` tab
   - Copy the `IDP Metadata URL`
10. On your application panel, activate user access to the application by toggling the switch in the top right corner.
11. Configure `Metadata URL` in NocoDB
    - Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication` > `SAML`
    - Insert `Metadata URL` retrieved in step (9) above; alternatively you can configure XML directly as well
    - `Save`

For Sign-in's, user should be able to now see `Sign in with <SSO>` option.

:::note
Post sign-out, refresh page (for the first time) if you do not see `Sign in with <SSO>` option
:::