---
title: 'Active Directory' 
description: 'Learn how to configure Active Directory as an identity provider for NocoDB.' 
tags: ['SSO', 'Active Directory', 'SAML']
keywords: ['SSO', 'Active Directory', 'SAML', 'Authentication', 'Identity Provider']
---

This article briefs about the steps to configure Active Directory as Identity service provider for NocoDB

1. Enable `SAML SSO` on NocoDB
    - Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication`
    - Activate `SAML` toggle button
2. Retrieve `Redirect URI` & `Audience URI` from NocoDB
    - Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication` > `SAML`
    - Note down `Redirect URI` & `Audience URI`; these information will be required to be configured later with the Identity Provider
3. Sign in to your [Azure account](https://portal.azure.com/#allservices) and navigate to `Azure Active Directory` under `Azure Services`.
4. Access `Manage Tenants` from the navigation bar, select your directory, and click `Switch`.
5. On your directory's homepage, click `+ Add` > `Enterprise Application` from the navigation bar.
6. On the `Browse AD Azure Gallery` page, select `Create your own application` from the navigation bar.
   a. Provide your application's name.
   b. Choose `Integrate any other application you don't find in the gallery (Non-gallery)` from the `What are you looking to do with your application?` options.
   c. `Create`
7. In your Application's Overview page, navigate to `Set up single sign-on` > `SAML`
8. In the SAML-based Sign-on page, go to the `Basic SAML Configuration` section under `Set up Single Sign-On with SAML` and click `Edit`
   a. Add the `Audience URI` under `Identifier (Entity ID)`.
   b. Add the `Redirect URL` under `Replay URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL)`.
   c. `Save`
9. In the `Attributes & Claims` section, click `Edit`
   a. Edit the Unique User Identifier (Name ID) claim:
        - Select `Email address` from the `Name identifier format` dropdown
        - Choose `Attribute` as the `Source`
        - In the `Source attribute field`, select the option storing the user’s email address.
        - `Save`
   b. (Optional) For custom claims:
        - Click Add new claim, provide details, and save.
        - Ensure the claim is visible in the Additional claims section.
        - Copy the claim name for later use in NocoDB SAML configurations.
10. Go to the `SAML Certificates` section and copy the `App Federation Metadata URL`
11. on the Application's Overview page, 
    - Click `Assign users and groups`, 
    - Add the necessary users or groups to the application.
12. Configure `Metadata URL` in NocoDB
    - Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication` > `SAML`
    - Insert `Metadata URL` retrieved in step (10) above as `App Federation Metadata URL`; alternatively you can configure XML directly as well
    - `Save`

For Sign-in's, user should be able to now see `Sign in with <SSO>` option.

:::note
Post sign-out, refresh page (for the first time) if you do not see `Sign in with <SSO>` option
:::