---
title: 'Google OAuth'
description: 'Learn about different methods available for authentication with NocoDB.'
tags: ['SSO', 'Google', 'OAuth']
keywords: ['SSO', 'Overview', 'Authentication', 'Google', 'OAuth']
---

NocoDB offers a functionality that allows users to connect with Google OAuth 2.0, enabling them to log into their NocoDB accounts using their Google authentication credentials. This article provides a step-by-step guide to integrating Google OAuth 2.0 with NocoDB.

1. Copy `Redirect URL` from NocoDB
    - Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication` > `Google OAuth`
    - Copy the `Redirect URL` from the `Google OAuth` section
2. Go to [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/) and create a new project.
3. Visit the `OAuth consent screen` within the `APIs & Services` section.  
    a) Decide on the configuration and registration preferences for your application, specifying the intended user demographic  
    b) Click on the `Create` button
4. Set up the OAuth consent screen by providing details about the application and specifying the authorized domains where you host NocoDB.
5. Proceed to the `Credentials` screen, then click on `Create Credentials`. Choose `OAuth Client ID` from the available options to generate OAuth credentials.
6. Choose `Web application` from the options available in the `Application type` dropdown menu.
7. Configure the following  
    a) `Authorized JavaScript origins` refer to the HTTP origins where your web application is hosted, such as https://app.nocodb.com  
    b) `Authorized Redirect URIs` refer to the URIs where the user is redirected after successful authentication with Google. Paste the *Redirect URL* copied from NocoDB in step (1). 
8. Click on the `Create` button to generate the OAuth credentials. Copy the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` from the OAuth 2.0 Client IDs section.
9. Go to `Account Settings` > `Authentication` > `Google OAuth` in NocoDB and paste the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` in the respective fields.

