packages/noco-docs/docs/060.table-operations/030.filter.md, before:

---
title: 'Filtering records'
description: 'Learn how to filter records in NocoDB.'
tags: ['Table operations', 'Filter', 'Gallery view', 'Kanban view', 'Grid view']
keywords: ['NocoDB table operations', 'table operations overview', 'filter']
---


Filters provide a powerful way to narrow down and organize your data according to your specific requirements. NocoDB supports nested filters, allowing you to select multiple fields and conditions for filtering. You can choose between `and` or `or` mode of operation to combine filters, and filtering also supports Lookup, Formula, and Nested Data.

### Adding or Editing Filters
To add or edit a filter, simply click the `Filter` button in the toolbar and select either `Add filter` or `Add filter group`.

![Add Filter](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-1.png)

Configure the filter by specifying the `Field,` `Operation,` and `Value` (if applicable).

![Filter Configuration](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-2.png)

You can combine multiple filter conditions using either `And` or `Or` mode of operation.

![Nested Filters](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-3.png)

### Deleting Filters
To remove a filter, click on the bin icon located to the right of the respective filter.

![Delete Filter](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-5.png)

### Grouping Filters
You also have the option to group multiple filters together using a Filter Group.

### Filter by Current User
To filter records based on the current logged-in user, you can use the `Current User` option in the filter configuration for User field & its derivatives (createdBy & updatedBy field types) . This is particularly useful when creating views that display records relevant to the user currently logged in.

![Filter by Current User](/img/v2/table-operations/current-user.png)


Toolbar filters display an "@" icon next to the filter count to indicate the presence of dynamic filters based on the current user applied to the view.  
![Filter by Current User](/img/v2/table-operations/current-user-2.png)

:::note
"Current User"-based filters are not applied in publicly shared views. The shared view will display all records after applying any other filters. If "Current User" was the only filter applied, no records will be shown.
:::


![Grouped Filters](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-4.png)

## Enabling NULL and EMPTY Filters
By default, NULL filters (`is null` & `is not null`) and EMPTY filters (`is empty` & `is not empty`) are hidden. If you wish to filter out either of these explicitly, you can enable `Show NULL and EMPTY Filter` in [Project settings](/bases/actions-on-base#base-settings).

Before enabling `Show NULL and EMPTY Filter`:

![Show isBlank](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-is-blank.png)

Once enabled, you can use the `is null` & `is empty` filters to filter out cells with NULL or EMPTY values.

![Show NULL and EMPTY Filter](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-is-null-empty.png)

Alternatively, you can use Blank filters to filter out cells with NULL or EMPTY values.


### Related topics
- [Field Operations](/table-operations/field-operations)
- [Sort](/table-operations/sort)
- [GroupBy](/table-operations/group-by)
- [Row Height](/table-operations/row-height)
- [Quick Search](/table-operations/search)
- [Download](/table-operations/download)

Commit message:

docs: cloud only marker
Signed-off-by: Raju Udava <86527202+dstala@users.noreply.github.com>

packages/noco-docs/docs/060.table-operations/030.filter.md, after:

---
title: 'Filtering records'
description: 'Learn how to filter records in NocoDB.'
tags: ['Table operations', 'Filter', 'Gallery view', 'Kanban view', 'Grid view']
keywords: ['NocoDB table operations', 'table operations overview', 'filter']
---


Filters provide a powerful way to narrow down and organize your data according to your specific requirements. NocoDB supports nested filters, allowing you to select multiple fields and conditions for filtering. You can choose between `and` or `or` mode of operation to combine filters, and filtering also supports Lookup, Formula, and Nested Data.

### Adding or Editing Filters
To add or edit a filter, simply click the `Filter` button in the toolbar and select either `Add filter` or `Add filter group`.

![Add Filter](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-1.png)

Configure the filter by specifying the `Field,` `Operation,` and `Value` (if applicable).

![Filter Configuration](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-2.png)

You can combine multiple filter conditions using either `And` or `Or` mode of operation.

![Nested Filters](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-3.png)

### Deleting Filters
To remove a filter, click on the bin icon located to the right of the respective filter.

![Delete Filter](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-5.png)

### Grouping Filters
You also have the option to group multiple filters together using a Filter Group.

### Filter by Current User ☁

:::note
This feature is available in NocoDB Cloud and NocoDB Enterprise Edition.
:::

To filter records based on the current logged-in user, you can use the `Current User` option in the filter configuration for User field & its derivatives (createdBy & updatedBy field types) . This is particularly useful when creating views that display records relevant to the user currently logged in.

![Filter by Current User](/img/v2/table-operations/current-user.png)


Toolbar filters display an "@" icon next to the filter count to indicate the presence of dynamic filters based on the current user applied to the view.  
![Filter by Current User](/img/v2/table-operations/current-user-2.png)

:::note
"Current User"-based filters are not applied in publicly shared views. The shared view will display all records after applying any other filters. If "Current User" was the only filter applied, no records will be shown.
:::


![Grouped Filters](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-4.png)

## Enabling NULL and EMPTY Filters
By default, NULL filters (`is null` & `is not null`) and EMPTY filters (`is empty` & `is not empty`) are hidden. If you wish to filter out either of these explicitly, you can enable `Show NULL and EMPTY Filter` in [Project settings](/bases/actions-on-base#base-settings).

Before enabling `Show NULL and EMPTY Filter`:

![Show isBlank](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-is-blank.png)

Once enabled, you can use the `is null` & `is empty` filters to filter out cells with NULL or EMPTY values.

![Show NULL and EMPTY Filter](/img/v2/table-operations/filter-is-null-empty.png)

Alternatively, you can use Blank filters to filter out cells with NULL or EMPTY values.


### Related topics
- [Field Operations](/table-operations/field-operations)
- [Sort](/table-operations/sort)
- [GroupBy](/table-operations/group-by)
- [Row Height](/table-operations/row-height)
- [Quick Search](/table-operations/search)
- [Download](/table-operations/download)
