packages/noco-integrations/packages/gitlab-auth/README.md, before:

# GitLab Auth Integration for NocoDB

This package provides GitLab authentication integration for NocoDB, supporting both API Key and OAuth2 authentication methods.

## Features

- API Key authentication
- OAuth2 authentication
- Access to GitLab API via Gitbeaker

## Setup Environment Variables

To enable OAuth2 authentication with GitLab, you need to set up the following environment variables:

### Step 1: Create a GitLab OAuth Application

1. Log in to your GitLab account
2. Navigate to User Settings > Applications (or for organization-wide application, go to your Group settings > Applications)
3. Fill out the form:
   - **Name**: Your application name (e.g., "NocoDB")
   - **Redirect URI**: The URL where GitLab will redirect users after authorization (e.g., `https://your-nocodb-instance.com/api/v1/integrations/auth/gitlab/callback`)
   - **Scopes**: Select the following scopes:
     - `api` (API access)
     - `read_user` (Read user information)
4. Click "Save application"

### Step 2: Get Application ID and Secret

After creating your OAuth App, you'll be provided with:
- Application ID (Client ID)
- Secret (Client Secret)

### Step 3: Set Environment Variables

Configure your NocoDB instance with the following environment variables:

```
INTEGRATION_AUTH_GITLAB_CLIENT_ID=your_gitlab_client_id
INTEGRATION_AUTH_GITLAB_CLIENT_SECRET=your_gitlab_client_secret
INTEGRATION_AUTH_GITLAB_REDIRECT_URI=your_redirect_uri
```

Where:
- `your_gitlab_client_id`: The Application ID from your GitLab OAuth App
- `your_gitlab_client_secret`: The Secret from your GitLab OAuth App
- `your_redirect_uri`: The callback URL you specified when creating the OAuth App (e.g., `https://your-nocodb-instance.com/api/v1/integrations/auth/gitlab/callback`)

## OAuth Scopes

This integration requests the following GitLab scopes:
- `api`: Access to the GitLab API
- `read_user`: Read-only access to user profile data

## Usage

Once configured, the GitLab Auth integration will appear in the NocoDB integrations list, allowing users to authenticate with GitLab either using their API token or through the OAuth flow.

Commit message:

docs: standardize GitHub and GitLab auth documentation

packages/noco-integrations/packages/gitlab-auth/README.md, after:

# GitLab Auth Integration for NocoDB

This package provides GitLab authentication integration for NocoDB, supporting both API Key and OAuth2 authentication methods.

## Features

- API Key authentication
- OAuth2 authentication
- Access to GitLab API via Gitbeaker

## Authentication Methods

### API Key Authentication

To authenticate using a GitLab API Key (Personal Access Token):

1. Log in to your GitLab account
2. Navigate to User Settings > Access Tokens (or for project-specific tokens, go to your Project settings > Access Tokens)
3. Fill out the form:
   - **Name**: Give your token a descriptive name
   - **Expiration date**: (Optional) Set an expiration date for the token
   - **Scopes**: Select the following scopes:
     - `api` (API access)
     - `read_user` (Read user information)
4. Click "Create personal access token"
5. Copy the generated token and use it in the NocoDB GitLab Auth integration configuration

### OAuth Authentication

To authenticate using GitLab OAuth:

1. Click the "Connect to GitLab" button in the NocoDB GitLab Auth integration configuration
2. You will be redirected to GitLab to authorize the application
3. Grant the requested permissions
4. You will be redirected back to NocoDB with the authentication completed

## Required Permissions

This integration requires the following GitLab permissions:
- `api`: Access to the GitLab API
- `read_user`: Read-only access to user profile data

## Additional Setup

For administrators setting up the OAuth integration, please refer to the [SETUP.md](./SETUP.md) file for detailed environment configuration instructions.
